Signal context and content for app dev guide (#1096)
temporalio/documentation: docs/application-development-guide.md

### Signals

> First, Define the structure of your Signal.

Reviewer: By analogy with our lowercasing of "signal" when used as a verb, should we lowercase "define" when used as a verb?

> First, Define the structure of your Signal.

Author: ```suggestion
First, define the structure of your Signal.
```

Signals are handled in your Workflow Definition.

Signals can be sent to Workflow Executions via the Temporal Client or from within a Workflow.

Signal-With-Start can be used to start a Workflow Execution (if not already running) and pass it the Signal at the same time.

#### Define Signal

TODO

<Tabs
defaultValue="go"
groupId="site-lang"
values={[{label: 'Go', value: 'go'},{label: 'Java', value: 'java'},{label: 'PHP', value: 'php'},{label: 'Typescript', value: 'typescript'},]}>

<TabItem value="go">

Structs should be used to define Signals and carry data, as long as the struct is [serializable via the Data Converter](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/converter#CompositeDataConverter.ToPayload).

> The `Receive()` method on the Data Converter decodes the data into the Struct within the Workflow (See Handling Signals).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Receive()` method on the Data Converter decodes the data into the Struct within the Workflow. (See the Handle Signal section.)
```
